# hello-world
This is my first repository to get my feet wet and to describe a little about myself.
I am a college graduate from Indiana Wesleyan University with a bachelor degree in Illustration. I graduated in 2010 where then I moved back home like most college students and started working at a factory to start paying on those lovely student loans. From there I had a couple good jobs, one as a Web Builder and another in Sales. I worked as a web builder at Yellow Pages group in Indianapolis,IN from 2011 to 2014. While I was there I created websites on a daily basis using a company designed CMS. Also I used Photoshop and Illustrator on a daily basis to edit photos and design headers and icons for sites. But other than those two jobs I have been working at dead end jobs like factory work, serving, bartending and retail. I have never become familiar with code but it has always interested me. Now I am 100% sure that I want to pursue a career as a web developer and educate myself to get there. I plan on educating myself on Codecademy where I will learn HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python, PHP and Ruby. I am also planning on honing my skills more as a visual designer by updating my knowledge of InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator. I want to create my own website where I can showcase my skills as a graphic designer and a web designer. A place I can send potential employers to show off my portfolios of work. So, I have a goal and a plan of action, hello-world, my name is Stephen Bruegge and I am going to become a web developer.
